Added new blogpost (#684)
ordina-jworks/ordina-jworks.github.io: _posts/2022-01-14-what-would-discord-bot-do.md

The messages in Discord can also be styled using a trimmed down version of Markdown. 
If you want to know what is possible, visit this [link](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/210298617-Markdown-Text-101-Chat-Formatting-Bold-Italic-Underline-){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}. 

Another interesting command is the sendTyping method. 
This creates the three blinking dots indicating a bot is typing something. 
This is turned off when a message is sent to the Discord server. 
As you might have noticed, there is a bit functional programming going on in these code snippets. 
In short, you can prep the message you are about send to the server with numerous options, and at the end, when you execute the queue method, it will be sent.

Sending back a simple message is maybe not that useful, but you can insert any java code here that you wish for: performing calculations, calling services, … 
You might even want to pay homage to EverQuest, one of the first successful MMORPGs, and implement a “/pizza” command allowing your members to order pizza, so they don’t have to leave their chairs for anything.

> TextMessage reply are however very bland. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TextMessage replies are however very bland. 
```
GS

A more fanciful option is to send an Embed message. 

> This allows to set additional components such as a title, a color board, images, a footer with thumbnail and lots of other stuff. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows setting additional components such as a title, a colour board, images, a footer with thumbnail and lots of other stuff. 
```
GS
